hello guys and welcome to my channel
something amazing happened last week one
of our students who to class was
Jonathan who is our teacher who prepares
people for TOEFL and helps them learn
English so this student scored a hundred
nineteen out of 120 on TOEFL and I'm
going to curl her now she's based in
Italy and I'm gonna ask her everything
about her TOEFL experience with tips and
tricks and I will ask her for some
advice to you guys so if you're
interested please continue watching this
video so could you tell a little um how
you prepared what was your level of
English before you decided to take TOEFL
well I studied foreign languages and
literature at the University and so
English was my second was my first
language of studying and I graduated in
American literature so I hope that my
level was already fine before preparing
for the TOEFL I was not sure however
there is the CV and you have to know all
the parts and how to carry out tasks
yeah important thing you can be a mother
tongue but not that easy to for example
understand the tricks behind the reading
part yeah yeah know that I know that a
couple of teachers actually like native
speaker teachers to TOEFL and ended up
scoring like 115 because there are a lot
of traits you should know and so how
long in a world did it take you to
prepare for TOEFL least mom's Oh two
months Wow wasn't I was working in the
mean time and so I couldn't prepare like
if 24 hours per per day but a beta every
day and so it just to understand how the
tasks where and first of all and then to
practice during the last three month I
just practice and practice and practice
did you don't know stretches test for
that I don't notice something I found
something online and then crack in the
TOEFL after watching your video I use
that
and then with Jonathan we have a session
we had a session and what did you do
during your session with Jonathan I
wanted to focus on the speaking part
because that was the I mean at the
University we usually write a lot and so
I was quite sure about the writing part
especially for the essay because that's
what we do at the university but I
wasn't sure about the speaking part and
so I wanted to prepare more about the
speaking and he gave me some tips and
some hands and that's especially to not
to panic
yeah yeah that was a very important one
yeah yeah and what about writing did you
have anyone to check your writing your
essays
Jonathan check to two essays and one
integrated task and he said that I was
on the right track and I was doing just
fine and so what I was quite happy with
that I mean no problem with that
especially because I know how to use the
connectors and that's I mean that's very
inherent yeah you just have to learn to
insert them in every delicate sentence
and that's very beautiful and so how
much did you score in every section
Terry in the reading 29 in the listening
oh and and being strange because I
thought it was the best section I mean
it was like that chance of writing was
my best score 27 and then 30 in the
speaking and 30 in the writing that's
that's amazing you know it's amazing
that you scored 30 on writing because I
think it's really difficult because you
never know what TOEFL exam makers want
you to rise in TOEFL writing and how
they gonna assess it because it's very
subjective I don't know depends on who's
checking your essay I guess so but I was
a friend because I I didn't have time to
check and to reread the essay because I
brought like 600 words so I was like
writing writing writing and that I
didn't chat but it was fine it's one of
the tricks exceeding the word limits on
yes Daphne definitely gives you high
school and also Jonathan and I
had a sort of competition about typing
and the speed of typing and it was and I
was like faster than him oh really like
it was not my mother tongue so that's
that's amazing I guess a great score
have you used the tip when you you know
start speaking a little later so you
could hear other people's first question
speaking yet because I I guess I entered
like in the middle of other exams and so
when I was doing the listening there was
some people who were already doing the
speaking part and that was a bit
disturbing but then I I heard something
and also the testers they told us please
have your break but coming to the room
before the break stops and so I entered
like two minutes before the end of my
break and I could hear some some of the
of them of the gist of the speaking of
the others
yeah inwardly stressed right because
when you fear the first question yeah I
was raised hearing something about the
spaces okay maybe that's something about
the universal great cool I'm glad
everybody's using that chip is really
helping yeah so can you maybe name like
top three resources that you use like
okay a session with Jonathan to feedback
on your speaking cracking TOEFL and what
else did you use like where did you find
practice tests or yeah I don't know the
lots of books and then I found a book
that made it's not in the top five of
the books for a TOEFL but it was useful
because there there are some resources
also online and it's the guide there
were complete guide to the TOEFL test by
Bruce Rogers and you can find all the
the CDs online and that's really useful
if you don't want to spend a lot of
money books because you just download
the book and then everything the tracks
are online yeah so the
that's very useful so you don't have to
wait for somebody to ship you the book
and then you know yeah
real thing or if you want just to
practice some something more about it
you can download them by I don't know
the official guide it's fine
but then if you the more you have and
the better I mean that's true
that's here and so what are you going to
use your TOEFL for are you getting into
foreign university I'd like to apply for
some PhD courses in during Canada in the
US or in the UK and so I found that the
TOEFL was the best option for all the
those three destinations Oh fingers
crossed for visas an application route
is it November yeah December or January
I'm writing the project now that now
that they have done this one maybe I
have to take another exams for the GRE
for the u.s. that's more complicated one
yeah I bet you Matt's pretty much the
same yeah more complicated I don't know
they just want me to score well in the
in the rhetoric part not in the maths
and so that that's a relief so yeah
maybe you could give some advice to
people for watching my channel and for
like praying to score the same verse you
well first of all I was really nervous
at the beginning so for the reading part
it's normal to be a bit anxious and
really I don't know how I managed to
score 30 out of 30 in the reading part
because I was really anxious at the
beginning and everyone was coming inside
so yeah just keep focus on what you are
reading even though it could be very
very difficult because I noticed that
the first the first article was quite
easy what about art and cinema but then
the the second one was a mess and the
third one was really complicated but
just focus on what you're doing and
don't think about the reading passage
any more when you go to this to delay
setting yes just keep focus on what what
you are doing
this is the first tip that I can I can
give them and then just prepare as much
as possible and so continue to bright
and maybe write down all the words that
you don't know but you did you know that
in your language you would like to use
them in an essay in an essay so for
example or I studied mmm some idiomatic
expressions so that I maybe I didn't
know or that I would like to use in my
my essay and just learn that my heart
and also so I during the speaking part I
I think in section the second part I use
the second task it I used some old
sayings or idiomatic expressions and I
think it was useful for example I don't
know to kill what two birds with one
stone
I don't know something like that and it
could be impressive also as an ending
for the essay very very useful tip yeah
and I don't know maybe you can I have a
blog in in English so I usually write on
my blog just to keep practicing by
writing so maybe you can start someone
get started just by writing something on
his own his own thoughts his own ideas
you can concept like that yeah we can
actually live a link to your blog oh
yeah a bunch of Iraq maybe yeah maybe
you could write about your TOEFL
experience as well and you could also
read it cool thank you so much that's
that's amazing like I think you're the
best result so far I feel like people
have told to itself Congrats that's
that's amazing and all the best for your
cherry I hope you get into you know ph.d
program United States Canada UK but
everyone's but a scholarship maybe I
hope so we see like in the States PhD is
99% funded so that's yeah yeah hey at
least it's better than eating so I think
that the the most important thing about
the TOEFL is that it gives you the
possibility of going abroad and
do whatever you want with some no more
confidence actually are you I am NOT I'm
not usually as confident as I should
maybe but now that I did and passed with
great results
I'm more confident so my advice is just
give it just take the exam and see what
happened because it really it's really
for your future you know you have like
official prove that you're a rated which
speaker and you can do that yeah yeah
you can end cool and thank you so much
for because I found your your your
YouTube channel bye bye chance like I
just was just typing two-horse
suggestion and something like that and
was really useful especially for for my
own character I mean I need something
you can do that and Jonathan is way what
he said oh thank you so much I'm glad we
could help and all the rest of your
future and keep you posted if you have
any updates you know please feel free to
write an email and say nope I gotta get
up Frogger great thank you so much thank
you thank you so much and yeah have a
good day have a great ride thanks my